Document `crashes` test suite (#2075)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/tests/compiletest.md

or crash in some other way, so that accidental fixes are tracked. This was formally done at
<https://github.com/rust-lang/glacier> but doing it inside the rust-lang/rust testsuite is more
convenient.

It is imperative that a test in the suite causes rustc to ICE, panic or crash crash in some other
way. A test will "pass" if rustc exits with an exit status other than 1 or 0.

If you want to see verbose stdout/stderr, you need to set `COMPILETEST_VERBOSE_CRASHES=1`, e.g.

```bash
$ COMPILETEST_VERBOSE_CRASHES=1 ./x test tests/crashes/999999.rs --stage 1
```

When adding crashes from <https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues>, the issue number should be
noted in the file name (`12345.rs` should suffice) and also inside the file include a `//@ known-bug
#4321` directive.

If you happen to fix one of the crashes, please move it to a fitting subdirectory in `tests/ui` and
give it a meaningful name. Please add a doc comment at the top of the file explaining why this test
exists, even better if you can briefly explain how the example causes rustc to crash previously and
what was done to prevent rustc to ICE/panic/crash.

Adding

```text
Fixes #NNNNN
Fixes #MMMMM
```

> to the description of your pull request will ensure the corresponding tickets be closed
> automatically upon merge. The ticket ids can be found in the file name or the `//@ known-bug`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the description of your pull request will ensure the corresponding tickets be closed
automatically upon merge.
Make sure that your fix actually fixes the root cause of the issue and not just a subset first.
The issue numbers can be found in the file name or the `//@ known-bug`
```
